I wake up in the bed of my hotel in the morning. I slept soundly last night. As one would expect, moderate exercise leads to good quality sleep.

By the way, today is “Mercy” day of the week. That means that tomorrow will be “Chastity” day of the week. Chastity day of the week… Yeah, I’m referring to the day I was supposed to visit the Elder Lich at the brothel Elsailles.

「Make sure to make a booking for me and come to the store.」

This was the day I was designated to go. Of course I have no plans of going. After all, her brainwash is already solved. But since I’m afraid, I’m going to cast a Cure Status Abnormality Spell (A) for peace of mind. I’m not going to use S rank in case I need it for something. I’ll change the topic slightly, but it’s been 7 days since I’ve come to this world.

“Chastity” or “Self-Restraint” or “Mercy” these days of the week are more complicated than ones in my former world.

Although I can see myself as a pharmacist, the reality is that I’m more like a tourist, so certain days of the week don’t have much meaning for me. Because of that I only have a faint recollection. By the way, the merchant guild and adventurer guilds are always open all year around. This is very helpful for me. The people working there must take turns for a break.

After finishing breakfast, I start my daily planning. It’s essential to have a plan in order to spend time in a productive manner for the day.

(I can’t remove my plan to go to Cione’s sideline.)

First, let’s consider the most important matters. I still need to have a couple more confrontations with the magical girls. This TV program is something that I’ve already decided to be a regular patron of.

(Jayanne is also one of my considerations. Instructor light cruiser whom I met just yesterday is the definition of supreme.)

I remember last night and nod to myself.

(Sooner or later, I will need to challenge the sideline which anchors their battleships.)

Needless to say, that is not a battle I can hope to achieve victory. However, everything is an experience. Even if I lose, I won’t lose my life. Picking up a tramp from some park and then going to a location of her choosing poses much more danger. Didn’t the auntie from Bell Talk tell me, that I shouldn’t try to seek a dangerous experience just because I am curious and that If I have the money then I should go play at a high-end store.

Since the safety of customers is guaranteed by high-end shops, I should make use of it and gain as much experience as I possibly can.

(For the time being, let’s focus on these two stores.)

There’s also other go-go bars in Annan, so let’s try those too. The problem is what I’m going to do during the morning. If I want to sell potions, its necessary to go to the merchant guilds. However, it’s probably better if I don’t visit the place for a couple of days. It will stand out too much and be unnatural if I were to go and sell potions every day.

(For the time being, there is enough for me to live and enjoy myself.)

That would mean that my mornings are free. It’s unnecessary for me to train my body… However, every day I push myself to do some form of calisthenics and body weight training.

(Well, I guess it will be good to go sightseeing in the capital for a while.)

If I get bored of sightseeing, I can think about the next step during that time. I decide to depart from my hotel and go for a walk through the capital city. I have no intention of going to any dangerous places. Perhaps going during the mornings is fine, but I’m not going anywhere near the park near the downtown area if it’s at night. There is a pond and a road for strolling across the park, there is also a pergola where these grandpa’s were playing some card games.

It’s a tranquil scenery.

While passing through the adventurer guild near the town plaza, I took a glancing look inside. I can’t enter inside. I’m interested in the “adventurer guild” but I don’t have a legitimate reason to be here right now. If I went inside and some muscle head wanted to create trouble for me, I wouldn’t be able to handle them. Let’s just accept the fact and look from a distance for the time being.

Because I was travelling by foot, the time seemed to pass by quickly. I even got a little sweaty.

(Alright, it’s almost time for lunch, I’ll grab a bite and then play a round with the magical girls.)

Thinking this I headed to where all the food stalls were gathered.

After my meal, I head through the door of Cione. Then I proceed to keenly check the sidelines. I check for the size of their breasts, waists and even the ticket number that’s attached somewhere on their clothes. I wasn’t as agitated as yesterday. My heart was still. I’m thirty years old and I no longer have any doubts. I informed the concierge of the magical girl’s numbers that I chose.

You said girls? Yes, more than one.

This time around, I nominated two of these girls one of them had a tomboy look while the other seemed like the natural airhead type.

「You wish to nominate multiple girls…..?」

The concierge asks me in a surprised tone.

「Is that not allowed?」

「No, of course it’s a wonderful choice. Indeed, we also welcome customers who wish to nominate more than one girl at a time.」

He stopped talking for a moment before continuing.

「Because it’s for two people, the fee will be doubled. However, your time with them is still two hours for each girl. Even so, is this arrangement still okay?」

There is no issue, I tell him. The concierge seems to have a better opinion of me, as he changed the way he looked at me. Apparently, it seems that he didn’t think I was a customer with enough money to ask for this kind of thing. Even though I could get two girls, the time limit is still two hours. If you think at it from a monetary perspective, it would be more efficient to enjoy one girl for 4 hours in total.

Even if there are two people, I only have 1 body.

(However, this is not for business.)

Is what I thought…. Well, for the brothel they probably see me as a business transaction.

(It’s to fulfil my dreams.)

A hero of justice is something a young boy would admire, right? However, the villain role is something that will also arouse a man’s ambition. For men, hearing the words world domination are things that will tickle their heartstrings.

The villain role is usually the ones who establishes an organization in order to achieve world domination and even though they never win, they pour their heart and soul into the fight, I believe that they are quite a pure existence.

They cannot win?

Yes, villains are existences which cannot be allowed to win. No matter how much superiority they display, or how close they are to achieving victory, they can never win.

Why is that?

That’s because the viewers know it too. No matter how much of a pinch the magical girls get into, leaving the viewers in breathless suspense where their hearts are fluttering, they never for one second believe that the magical girls will lose. The reason their hearts are pounding is because they are excited and they have an increased expectation as to how things will reverse in their favor.  Betraying these viewers expectations is not something a business will do. Therefore, the villain of the story never wins.

(Ahh, what a dignified and dedicated existence they are…)

While knowing that this is not going to be forgiven by the gods, I mourn tears inside my own heart for the villains in the stories which has never achieved victory and I bet my everything to overcome the limitations of the villains portrayed in the stories to achieve triumph.

In my mind, the villains of these stories are equal if not greater than the war heroes that deserve our worship.

(The victory that you guys have never experienced… I will grab this chance and win on your behalf’s in this world!)

I will fulfil the expectations and hopes of all the villains. For that reason, one magical girl is not going to be enough. These days, its common practice to have at least two magical girls to contend with the villain. Single magical girls are a thing of the past. Defeating a lone girl will not be able to satisfy the hearts of all the dead villains. I join my hands together with the two very young looking magical girls and head up stairs.

First I will confront the airhead looking magical girl. As for the tomboyish girl, I will let her observe us from the sofa for now. As for the fight with the natural airhead girl, it’s obvious that I’m the one on the offensive.

I’m a villain who was come into this new world after obtaining a dense amount of experience points, for this magical girl who still seems green along with her natural airhead look, there was no way that she could compete with me.

By the way, the tomboy girl was also unable to compete with me. Why would they both be unable to compete? That’s because even though there are two girls, it isn’t a fair fight. If I chose a magical girl that was about to graduate from her academy, then it may have been a close fight. However, in my case, I purposefully selected the girls which were still in the start of their training.

They just made their debut as magical girls and were fresh off the boat.

(If it’s like this, there is no way I will lose.)

I was pretty happy that even my way of thinking was switching to the strategies the bad guys would employ to gain an advantage. The clothes of the natural airhead seemed like a fairy’s clothes, it’s frilly and fluffy. She is just like a magical girl who has been requested by the residents of a fairy country in order to protect the gates from a monster.

The natural air head has already been forced into a tough situation. Even though she being driven to a corner, her beautiful clothes aren’t messy. There is a reason for this.

(As I thought, it’s definitely right when a magical girl is dressed like a magical girl.)

It’s due to the policy of the monster. They will leave her clothes intact, but the other parts of her body aside from the clothing are continuously attacked. I can feel the gaze of the tomboy girl who was watching our fight from the sofa. It’s thrilling.

The airhead girl is on the verge of defeat. There is already nothing left of the gates that she is supposed to protect. Although her beautiful clothes were left untouched. The monster begins the invasion slowly inside of the gates. At this time, the tomboy girl moves.

「I will be your new opponent!」

Seeing the airhead girl about to be finished off, her chivalrous spirit awakens and it is a picturesque scene of a comrade coming to help their friends. This marks the development of a new path.

「Very well!」

I parted myself from the airhead girl and immediately began to pressure the tomboy girl. Just as planned. Why did I choose this tomboyish looking girl? It wasn’t just based on a whim. When the airhead girl gets into a pinch, I wanted this tomboy girl to come to the rescue and set the scene. I was anticipating this development and I truly desired it to happen as so.

(I attack the tomboy girl who came to help her friend.)

This is it. I wanted to do this. In an ideal story development, the heroine would defeat the monster when she comes to help her friend. Finally, the boss monster would explode and leave a parting remark like “I’ll get you next time!”.

However, over here, it will be a different outcome. In this world, that type of ideology does not apply. To be honest the airheaded girl is already in no condition to help her tomboyish friend. Therefore, the only result that can occur is the violation of the tomboy girl by none other than me.

「Thank you very much.」

The concierge bows politely towards me. He bows even deeper than he did yesterday. It would seem that I am now perceived as a client that is one rank higher than yesterday. After violating the tomboy girl, I took my time and thoroughly finished off the airheaded girl. After that I had a quick smoke and drink and after thinking about it for a little while, I went for a second round with the tomboy girl.

Thereupon the broadcast came to an end. I went down to the lobby and headed towards the front door to leave the store. That’s when I got the bow from the concierge.

Pursuing a man’s dream and feeling a sense of satisfaction from accomplishing it, I decide to take a break at the café which was near the town square. It’s my cooling down time.

I relaxed at the café while looking at the busy people who were passing through the town square.

「…… Manual labor is such a noble thing to do.」

I spoke in a quiet whisper that would definitely rub people the wrong way if they heard the way I said it. I realize that I am quite the detestable person. However, this sense of superiority that I have over them is truly pleasant.

…..Woops! I felt so relaxed and at home that I inadvertently fell asleep… I check to make sure that I wasn’t drooling in my sleep. It would seem it’s all good. It’s probably because I took a light nap, but I was recovering some of my stamina. Now then, since I have been transported into this new world I should make the most of it. Let’s start our next adventure. I slowly got up from my chair and stretched out my body.

I arrive at Jayanne.

Today I daringly decide to nominate one of the battleship girls anchored to the sideline. She is an existence that is that extreme opposite from the magical girl types. Because of this I chose to nominate her. I feel the tension rising and I can’t help but to gulp. This is just how much of a sexy aura that the battleship girls seem to emit.

The girl I nominated seemed to be wearing a mix of a cheerleader outfit and half time sports outfit. She had short hair and was the Onee-sama type of girl. The feeling of her plump thighs are amazing.

She tangled her arms around mind and we walked through the corridor.

「……fuh.」

She whispered something close to my ear. Apparently she is going to take me seriously. I involuntarily trembled.

Two hours later, I am at a downtown restaurant eating something akin to Chinese style food. I begin to think back to what happened. The Onee-sama going all out against me was totally amazing. Just one blow from her and my body seemed to fall apart. I felt like she had this essence of being a sporty or athletic girl at heart. Although the match ended in a tie, it was really only because of an accidental discovery that I made.

In the beginning, there was no hope for me to win, but just before the match ended, something happened… Even until now I am not entirely sure of how I did it or what it was. However, something deadly must have hit the battleship in a crucial moment. Onee-sama was overwhelming me completely with her firepower and it was at this point in time that I hit her with an explosive strike.

At this point in time there was a huge explosion. Moreover, her ship was seriously damaged. At the same time, light cruiser Tauro is also involved in the explosion. At the moment of the explosion, she held me down tightly and we both reached our limits at the same time.

In the last 30 minutes of the session, we both just held on to each other without moving.

That’s kind of how it went.

I planned to head towards the go-go bar after this but to my regret, I had to abandon the idea. I may have a little bit of fuel left, but I was out of ammunition. I head to my home port Swiss ham and take my time to slowly recover.